docs/flow: use consistent placeholders (#2237)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/config-language/syntax.md

log_level = "debug"
```

> All `ATTRIBUTE_NAME`s must be valid River [identifiers](#identifiers).

Reviewer: Plurals with code elements are awkward.  (Can't find the google dev style guideline at the moment). I think we should write around this if possible as I did here.

> All `ATTRIBUTE_NAME`s must be valid River [identifiers](#identifiers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ATTRIBUTE_NAME must be a valid River [identifier](#identifiers).
```

> 

Reviewer: #### Pattern for creating an unlabeled block

```

> // Pattern for creating an unlabeled block:

Reviewer: Might want to make the comment into a heading ...  but do we go down to H4s?

BLOCK_NAME {
  // Block body can contain attributes and nested unlabeled blocks
  IDENTIFIER = EXPRESSION // Attribute

  NESTED_BLOCK_NAME {
    // Nested block body
  }
}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Pattern for creating a labeled block

```

// Pattern for creating a labeled block:

> BLOCK_NAME "BLOCK_LABEL" {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```river
BLOCK_NAME "BLOCK_LABEL" {
```
